Document the `enable_tracing` feature flag (#130)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: ref/ams-configuration.md

Note that you must disable the [watchdog](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/application-manifest/24197#watchdog) if reboots are allowed.

The feature flag will be considered by all newly launched containers once set.

### Tracing

*since 1.14.0*

> By default, the [Perfetto](https://perfetto.dev/)-based tracing for Anbox is disabled but can be enabled with the `enable_tracing` feature flag. The feature should be only used for performance analysis or profiling purposes. See [Anbox HTTP API](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/ref/anbox-https-api#heading--10tracing) for information on how to capture traces in the Anbox container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the [Perfetto](https://perfetto.dev/)-based tracing for Anbox is disabled but can be enabled with the `enable_tracing` feature flag. The feature should be used only for performance analysis or profiling purposes. See [Anbox HTTP API](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/ref/anbox-https-api#heading--10tracing) for information on how to capture traces in the Anbox container.
```

> By default, the [Perfetto](https://perfetto.dev/) based tracing for Anbox is disabled but can be enabled with the `enable_tracing` feature flag. The feature is only considered to be used for performance analysis or profiling purposes. Please refer to [Anbox HTTP API](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/ref/anbox-https-api#heading--10tracing) on how to capture traces in the Anbox container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the [Perfetto](https://perfetto.dev/)-based tracing for Anbox is disabled but can be enabled with the `enable_tracing` feature flag. The feature should be used only for performance analysis or profiling purposes. See [Anbox HTTP API](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/ref/anbox-https-api#heading--10tracing) for information on how to capture traces in the Anbox container.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
